In this assignment you will be writing a C++/SFML+ImGUI program which will read descriptions of shapes from a configuration file, and then drawing those shapes
to the screen. Each shape will have a name, position, speed, color, as well as properties unique to each shape type. For example,  a Rectangle will have
width and height, and a circle will have a Radius. For this assignment, the position of a shape refers to its SFML default of the upper-left corner of the 
shape.

You are also required to make these shapes "bounce" off the sides of the window which contains them. This means if the shape's left side hits the left side
of the window, its X speeds reverses. If the top of the shape hits the top of the window, its Y speed reverses. Similarly, if it hits the right side or bottom
of the window. you can assume that all shapes will always be configured to start entirely within the window, and you don't have to worry about what happens if
they start outside the window. Each shape's name should be drawn on the react center of the shape in the given font size and color specified in the file.

You are also required to implement an ImGUI user interface which is able to:
- List all of the shapes and select any one of them to edit their properties
- Toggle whether or not the selected shape will be drawn     done
- Change the scale of the shape (0 to 4)                        done
- Change the x and y velocity of the shape (-8 to 8)        done
- Change the color of the shape                             
- Change the name of the shape

A sample configuration file is given to you in config.txt, however marking will be done with an unseen configuration file in order to test more completely. Be 
sure to add and remove your own shapes to this file to test if they all work correctly.

Each line of the configuration file specifies one of the config settings of the assignment program, with the first string in each line being the type of setting
that the rest of the line specified. Lines in the config file can be one of the following types, and lines can appear in any order in the file.

Window W H 
- This line declares that the SFML Window must be constructed with width W and height H, each of which will be integers.

Font F S R G B
- This lines defines the font which is to be used to draw tet for this program. The format of the line is as follows:
Font File   F       std::string (it will have no spaces)
Font Size   S       int
RGB Color   (R,G,B) int, int, int

Rectangle N X Y SX SY R G B W H 
- Defines a Rectangle Shape with:
    Shape Name          N       std::string
    Initial Position    (X,Y)   float, float
    Initial Speed       (SX,SY) float, float
    RGB Color           (R,G,B) int, int, int
    Size                (W,H)   float, float

Circle N X Y SX SY R G B R
- Defines a Circle Shape with:
    Shape Name          N       std::string
    Initial Position    (X,Y)   float, float
    Initial Speed       (SX,SY) float, float
    RGB Color           (R,G,B) int, int, int
    Size                R       float

